---
layout: post
title: Day 10 – Tinker Card
date: 2025-06-09
author: Alexes Mensah
permalink: /day10.html
tags: ["Tinker Card","Machine Learning", "Test Run" "ESP32"]

what_i_learned: |
  In todays meeting my team did some research on a microcontroller board that was used to program and control electronic circuits. We watched videos and read very informative articles on the connections using the breadboard and Arduino. To explain a breadboard, it is a reusable platform for connecting components and wiring circuits without soldering. In the article we read, we learned about the the troubleshooting process. We also saw some challenges that were faced which is very important for us to learn from and get ahead of. I belive my team became more comfortable with using Arduino. We then as a team worked on a simulation in Tinkercard. TinkerCAD helps us with editing components without needing the material in hand physically but instead virtually. We learned more about the ESP32 chip and how to implement it into the simulator. We also used and learned about a temperature sensor in tinkercard. 
blockers: |
 There are no blockers.
  
  
reflection: | 
 Using Tinkercard really helped us collaborate on whats to come and get familiar with the components needed. I cant wait to use do what we learned physically to create the device. I really love how interactive Tinkercard is. This simulation helped us grow more comfortable with circuit design and component integration. Seeing the concepts come to life in the simulator gave me a sense of accomplishment and made me excited to try building physical circuits in the future. I also felt proud of how well our team worked together, we supported each other and shared ideas, which made the learning process smoother and more enjoyable. Overall, the experience boosted our confidence and collaboration. 
 ---
